docs for components-path changed to resources-path (#2999)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/getting-started/install-dapr-selfhost.md

<img src="/images/install-dapr-selfhost/docker-containers.png" width=800>

### Step 5: Verify resources directory has been initialized

> On `dapr init`, the CLI also creates a default resources folder that contains several YAML files with definitions for a state store, Pub/sub, and Zipkin. The Dapr sidecar will read these resources and use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On `dapr init`, the CLI also creates a default resources folder that contains several YAML component files with specifications for a state store, pub/sub, and Zipkin. The Dapr sidecar loads these component resources and uses:
```

> - The Redis container for state management and messaging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Redis container for both state management and pub/sub messaging.
```
